README.md, before:

# athlima-island
Final Project for COMP 590-172 (VR and Game Development) Fall 2024

## Resources

- Water texture - https://www.deviantart.com/berserkitty/art/Seamless-Cartoon-styled-Water-Texture-743787929
- Sand texture - https://www.deviantart.com/fabooguy/art/Sandstone-Texture-Tileable-2048x2048-436426292
- Grass texture - https://www.freepik.com/free-vector/seamless-textured-grass-natural-grass-pattern_11930799.htm
- Bowling alley carpet texture - https://www.reddit.com/r/Textures/comments/otpl6b/a_seamless_bowling_alley_carpet_texture/
- Golf course - https://sketchfab.com/3d-models/northland-golf-club-green-07-version-2-3fc9462a9e96416687443b1b34ea39b9
- Bird ambience - https://pixabay.com/sound-effects/birds-19624/
- Ocean ambience - https://pixabay.com/sound-effects/waves-14877/
- Bowling ambience - https://pixabay.com/sound-effects/bowling-53494/
- Bowling pin sounds - https://pixabay.com/sound-effects/single-bowling-pin-knock-97302/
- Bowling ball sounds - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=El_hlnHnxDw
- NPC Animations - https://www.mixamo.com/
- Bowling ambient music - https://youtube.com/@ballingburger

Commit message:

chore: update readme with links, description

README.md, after:

# Athlima Island
Final Project for COMP 590-172 (VR and Game Development) Fall 2024

Athlima Island is a VR sports simulation game developed for the Meta Quest VR platform. The game's design is inspired from the classic Wii Sports Resort and combines two popular sports--bowling and golf.

See the `AthlimaIsland/` folder for the Unity project.

## Links

- [Demo video (YouTube)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VXwKhjz48Iw)

- [Latest build](https://github.com/gchuaunc/athlima-island/releases/tag/v0.2)

## Controls

- Index trigger: Push button / interact
- Side trigger: Grab (bowling)
- Analog stick forward: Teleport to location (golf)

## Resources

- Water texture - https://www.deviantart.com/berserkitty/art/Seamless-Cartoon-styled-Water-Texture-743787929
- Sand texture - https://www.deviantart.com/fabooguy/art/Sandstone-Texture-Tileable-2048x2048-436426292
- Grass texture - https://www.freepik.com/free-vector/seamless-textured-grass-natural-grass-pattern_11930799.htm
- Bowling alley carpet texture - https://www.reddit.com/r/Textures/comments/otpl6b/a_seamless_bowling_alley_carpet_texture/
- Golf course - https://sketchfab.com/3d-models/northland-golf-club-green-07-version-2-3fc9462a9e96416687443b1b34ea39b9
- Bird ambience - https://pixabay.com/sound-effects/birds-19624/
- Ocean ambience - https://pixabay.com/sound-effects/waves-14877/
- Bowling ambience - https://pixabay.com/sound-effects/bowling-53494/
- Bowling pin sounds - https://pixabay.com/sound-effects/single-bowling-pin-knock-97302/
- Bowling ball sounds - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=El_hlnHnxDw
- NPC Animations - https://www.mixamo.com/
- Bowling ambient music - https://youtube.com/@ballingburger
